if you see these run fast and ask for
help there are so many different animals
in the world that nobody even knows the
exact number of existing species some of
them are beautiful and some are ugly
however not everything is as it seems
because the ugly ones may be safe and
the beautiful ones can be deadly
or not for example this caterpillar
looks like somebody dropped their wig by
accident it's not very big but it's very
hairy you might think that because it's
hairy
it's tender to touch but don't let that
fool you in fact if you touch the hairs
they will penetrate your skin and sting
you Wow that doesn't seem fair now does
it according to the experience of other
people the pain is unimaginably bad so
stay away from this caterpillar if you
can however if you get stung
doctors recommend washing the area use
soap and water but be very careful not
to press the spot because this will make
the poison spread faster after you
finish washing the sting put some ice on
it to reduce the pain if the pain
doesn't go away within the next 30
minutes or so go to the hospital
immediately we think caterpillar pus
looks too gross to touch it and we hope
you agree with us now we're gonna tell
you about 12 other animals that you
should run from as fast as you can if
you ever encounter them in the wild
counting down from number 12
Deathstalker
well the name says it all this is the
deadliest scorpion of all to give you
some perspective the Deathstalker is
responsible for 75% of all victims of
scorpion attacks usually it doesn't kill
healthy adults they only feel terrible
pain but it can easily kill children if
they are stumped they have a fever coma
and finally they can't breathe because
the lungs are filled with fluids if this
kind of scorpion still doesn't seem
awful enough to you how do you like this
they can demonstrate cannibalistic
behavior if they can't find other food
they can also eat snakes
if they win the fight the only way to
survive being stunned by this scorpion
is to go to the hospital immediately
isn't this fun number 11 carpet Viper
here comes another champion carpet Viper
is considered to be the deadliest snake
because it kills the biggest number of
people yearling the way it kills is
really curious in an awful way it
injects some toxin into the blood of the
victim this toxin doesn't let the blood
clot so the victim just bleeds to death
number 10 cone snail now this snail is
so dangerous that one drop of its venom
is more than enough to end 20 human
lives the worst thing about it is there
is no cure or some kind of antidote if
it stings you you are dead
whatever you do it is also known as the
cigarette snail because it's poison
kills you as fast as it takes you to
finish one cigarette hopefully you don't
smoke so that you'll have time for
something more important number 9 stone
fish this thing looks like a stone see
now there are two things you need to
know about this fish first if you
confuse it with a rock and step on its
spikes it will poison you and you will
lose your leg that's actually the best
case scenario the stone fish is very
economical it injects the amount of
poison proportional to the pressing
weight the second thing is it takes the
stone fish just 0.15 seconds to react to
a moving object another fish or your leg
to open its mouth and bite it so losing
the leg is really possible so watch your
step whenever you are in the ocean
number eight Africanized honeybee this
kind of bee is very different from all
others because Africanized honeybees are
actually a result of an experiment
woohoo a Brazilian man was trying to
make a new breed of bees and actually
let them out so these bees are more
aggressive than regular bees
maybe because they know they were
genetically engineered and are pissed
off about it and they can chase their
victims for very long distances their
poison is not
dangerous than the one that normally
more friendly bees have but if you get
stung by a large number of them you
should see a doctor anyway number seven
Brazilian Wandering Spider because they
don't have GPS do you know why the most
venomous spider in the world is called
Wandering Spider the thing is that
unlike other spiders it is often found
in places full of people especially in
the daytime you can find them in houses
or even in cars now we wonder how Ron
Weasley would react to such news number
6 Black Mamba you may have heard about
this snake its name is pretty popular
Quentin Tarantino gave this code name to
the main character in Kill Bill now this
snake is known as the most aggressive
snake of all you know usually experts
say that when you see a snake the best
course of action is to move away from
the snake as slowly as you can otherwise
it might think you are a threat and
attack you which is probably the last
thing you want to happen
however Black Mamba is very different it
can attack you even without provocation
some people think that it kind of enjoys
it anyways if it bites a person and he
or she doesn't get an antidote in the
next 30 to 50 minutes they will die the
poison shuts down the nervous system and
paralyzes the victim number five poison
dart frog if this frog looks beautiful
it's hard to deny that however don't let
this beauty deceive you
this frog doesn't even need to bite you
to poison you it has poison on its skin
you see this is how it works in nature
whatever is the brightest is the most
dangerous never touch or even come close
to something you want to touch in the
wild including the dart frog oh isn't he
pretty let's just touch it Oh see that
doesn't work does it number four
titi fly
this fly is not venomous or anything
like that however it's still very
dangerous otherwise it wouldn't end up
on this list first of all it sucks blood
like a mosquito which is gross enough as
it is but the worst thing it can do is
transmit African sleeping sickness which
kills around 250,000 people every year
number three in our cavalcade of killer
critters is the blue ringed octopus this
octopus is tiny but as you might have
guessed really deadly it kills its
victims in a very cruel way it bites the
victim and injects a poison into the
bloodstream after that the victim gets
paralyzed within a few minutes which of
course means they can't breathe the only
way to help a person in this case is to
start artificial respiration and
continue to do it for the next few hours
until the effect of the poison wears
down number two Komodo dragon these guys
are really good hunters they can wait
for their prey in a hideout for a long
time after they detect the prey they
chase it eat out the throat and wait
till the victim bleeds to death
hmm boy most humans are lucky because
Komodo dragons live mostly in places
where humans don't and they don't need
to eat very often well that's a good
thing and number one the most dangerous
varmint out there according to our list
box jellyfish this is the most dangerous
living thing on earth after mosquitoes
that transmit malaria of course its
venom kills so fast there is nothing you
can do just to be safe
avoid all jellyfish that you see while
swimming on the ocean or the sea oh it
makes you just want to go to the beach
now doesn't it anyway we decided not to
tell you what to do if any of the
described species attacks you in their
own way for only one reason the only
thing you can do is go to the hospital
immediately even if you don't think that
whatever attacked you is dangerous for
your health see a doctor
you know better safe than sorry
otherwise the only surefire way to never
meet up with any of these critters is
ever leave home a share this video with
your friends so that they are also aware
of the dangers and won't pet that pretty
little caterpillar like this video and
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life
you